# brunocassol.com source code

This is the code for https://brunocassol.com which is hosted by Github Pages.

It is neatly generated by exporting a Joplin's notebook, processed using `node joplin_to_github.js` and then pushed to this repo which is served by GitHub Pages.

The process is described here: https://brunocassol.com/blog/2023-02-08-How-I-blog-using-joplins-EXPORT-HTML-Di.html

## Steps

- In Joplin Desktop app, right click `brunocassol.com` notebook and export it to HTML Directory in `C:\dev\pessoal\ww9.github.io`.
- In this project directory, run `npm install`
- Then run `node joplin_to_github.js`
- It will convert the notebook to html and generate files in `docs` which is what GitHub pages is configured to serve in https://brunocassol.com/
- It will also clear `C:\dev\pessoal\ww9.github.io\bruno.cassol.com` directory for your next export.
- Finally it will also start a local expressjs webserver so you can preview the generated pages of `docs`in your browser.
- If you're happy with changes, I commit and push to GitHub. A few mminutes later my website is updated.

## Features

- Support images
- Adds CSS to improve looks and feels
- Improves titles by appending " - brunocassol.com" to `<title>`

## TODO

- Test attatchments such as PDF files
- Test videos
- Test mp3
- Test code blocks
- Link images so mobile devices can expand them.
- CSS to improve User Experience by improving styles.
- Insert disqus comments code in blog posts.

## Can we export using commnadline instead of a manual GUI interaction?

Nope because HTML Directory export is not supported by Joplin commandline:

`npm -g install joplin`

`joplin --profile "/c/Users/dev/.config/joplin-desktop" export --format html --notebook "ab08048c2f774ee6a35c499493a8c458" expo
rt_dir`

Outputs: "HTML export is not supported. Please use the desktop application."
